welcome to thriller recapped today i will show
you an egyptian drama film called sheikh jackson
spoilers ahead watch out and take care this movie
is about an islamic cleric or priest who is a fan
of michael jackson and is thrown into trauma after
the moment of singer's death the movie starts with
Khalid a religious priest or sheikh in a mosque
he is having a session with his psychologist
where he explains that he can no longer cry
anymore and she asks if it has anything to do
with a dream he is having lately where he is dead
and few people are taking his body in a funeral
the next day we see him trying to sleep under
the bed thinking it will help him in any way
and then he gets ready to go and make a prayer
in the mosque in the mosque we see him making the
prayer and trying to cry the psychologist asks him
why does he want to cry which he replies in his
faith it's considered to cry when they're making
a prayer to ask for forgiveness from the sins
they've done later he shows his wife aisha a ring
where he can press red button to count when he
commits a sin and green when he does a good deed
so she presses the green button a couple of times
by saying he makes her happy which is good deed
as well later he goes to the living room and comes
across a dance video of beyonce in his daughter's
computer next morning he makes breakfast for his
daughter and asks aisha to stop organizing kitchen
stuff and have breakfast then he drops aisha and
his daughter to school he looks at a woman in
western clothes and then presses the red button
in the radio he hears the news that michael
jackson passed away and in shock he loses
control of his car and crashes mentioning it to
psychologists that he cannot cry since that moment
in the flashback we see his dad dropping
him to home back to the present we hear
him saying he feels guilty because he no
longer remembers the hair color of his mom
he only had black and white pictures later
his father points at michael jackson on tv
and makes fun of him before going to bed
he asked his mom about thoughts on mj
which she says he's the best singer in the world
and he shouldn't listen to his dad's opinions
he asks why she thinks so and she replies
that mj reminds her of his son who is also
thin crazy and different from others next day
in school he and his classmate called Sherine
are punished for not writing essays and they talk
with each other and find out they both like mj
soon his father comes to school and the teacher
starts complaining to him about the homework
which he replies his wife is in hospital and he
doesn't have time to worry about a school homework
upon arriving at the hospital they find out
khalid's mom passed away and he recalls to
psychologist by saying that was the first time
he cried later halle decides to take a train
to his home and he is listening to a podcast
of a religious scholar where he talks about
the importance of afterlife and doing good deeds
he sees people enjoying their time and train
and one man doing mj's famous moonwalk then
we see him covered in a white sheet struggling
and another person next to him happens to
be mj and the surrounding is on fire with a
big snake in front of him he then wakes up from
under the bed and then decides to go to mosque
however today he is having mistakes
in prayer and couldn't concentrate
then the psychologist asks him when was the second
time he cried in flashback we see him in high
school time in class with shireen and cheering her
up he's definitely charmed by her later that day
he goes to see his father who has already moved
on from khaled's mom's death he asks for tuition
money and leaves he then goes to store and buys
michael jackson's latest album with that money
he then gets back to home and enjoys his time
listening to the songs his father knocks the door
and asks if he paid the fees for his lessons then
he leaves the next day he shows the latest album
to shireen and she likes it so he gives it to her
at home his father scolds him for not working out
and being weak which he goes to his room and holds
the necklace his mom gave him and he breaks down
back in the present aisha his wife she says she
wants to do a plastic surgery so she looks more
attractive than other women to him khalid gets
offended and assures her that he loves her the
most the way she is already next day he hears his
daughter listening to beyonce he then unplugs the
wi-fi connection to her room later when he is
praying his daughter comes out and asks about
the internet which he replies it's a punishment
and will only be fixed when she knows the reason
behind it later that night he cannot sleep so
he goes to hospital to get his ct scan done
and his eyes checked as well upon reaching home
he sniffs onions to make himself feel any emotion
then psychologist asks him why he sleeps under
the bed which he replied after we all die we
will be buried under the soil and no human is
better than other later when he is praying he
sees michael jackson joining the prayer he tries
to pray but when he turns around he sees everyone
dancing he rages up and attacks one of them but
unfortunately it turns out it was all in his head
in flashback shireen gives him ticket for mj's
dance party when he arrives there the bouncer
denies his entry by saying only couples are
allowed he then tricks the bouncer and gets
into the party but bouncer beats him up later his
dad finds out and takes him to the club so he can
take his revenge with the guard but khaled says he
forgives him instead and they all make fun of him
next day he goes to see his
psychologist and we finally see her face
dr noor he points that her flowers are dead
then she says let's start with the beginning
in flashback we see shireen calling him jackson
since he likes mj a lot she's impressed because
khalid had an opportunity and he didn't hit the
bouncer she likes his mom's given necklace and
invites him to dance competition later that day we
see him practicing and enjoying some moves from mj
his dad comes in from the noise and throws his
clothes while asking him if he paid the money
for school upon hearing the truth he slaps his
son then their session is over and she asks if
he wants another session which he denies and
leaves later that night he goes to a cemetery
and asks to go in the tomb he then sees strange
and weird things inside he sees his mom his dad
his younger versions and mj as well he
then opens one door and goes in flashback
his dad is assaulted by the husband
of woman he was hanging out with
his dad gives him advice to make sure his
girl is not married before kissing her
back to the present he goes to the mosque for a
gathering and he sees mj joining the hall again
being upset he leaves from there later he goes to
home and he is sitting alone and decides to text
shireen from his childhood on facebook asking
to meet up when they meet she says he looks
different and couldn't recognize him and
back to flashback they joined the dance party
she says he was the first person she thought
of when mj died since he loved him so much
then they meet outside the cafe he asks
why she used to like him which she replies
why you never liked yourself you were the kindest
in flashback he shows her moonwalk and she leans
for a kiss but she coughs and tells him she has
asthma and he remembers how his mom died due to it
he then leaves back in the present he kisses
her and she pushes him away on the way to home
he presses the red button couple of times on his
ring being mad on his actions in flashback his
father is drunk and calls him trash he then says
he started hating himself the way he hates him
and later that night he leaves his father's home
in prison he goes back to see his dad they talk
a bit and his father says that his wife was
like mango soft from outside but a stronger
person from inside however himself he is like
coconut tough from outside but soft from inside
then he starts crying later they say goodbye and
his dad says he will always leave his door open
for him the next day he reinstalls the wi-fi
for his daughter and apologizes to his wife
he then revisits dr noor with new set of new
flowers and reads a poem he wrote in his childhood
in which his mom explains that the meaning of his
name khalid means immortal but he says he felt
sad after knowing that even a star will die
one day and nothing stays forever but he says
he only felt alive when he was listening
to mj and he wants to live in that feeling
and then we see him dancing like mj again and
finally getting a closure from the bad memories
we can say that now he started
loving himself of what he is
not of what others want him to be and the
movie ends let me know what you think about
this movie and comments and please like
and subscribe it really helps the channel